WORKING AGREEMENT 

Tell the truth, strive to be transparent, be courageous, respect one another, value all team members' thoughts, and commit to each other. 

Hyderabad - be available on Teams/check email/be in office: 11:00AM-7:30PM / make sure local team members know your availability

Atlanta - be available on Teams/check email: 8:00AM-3:00PM / make sure local team members know your availability

Common team time: 8:00am-10:00am E.S.T. (early/after will be case by case)

Please notify local team members if you have to step out for an appointment

Add leave time into the Confluence calendar; keep personal calendars up to date. Create a Free, All Day Outlook invite to the team for leave time 

Contact priority: Teams/Email/Call            

Agile/Scrum

Hold daily scrum at 8:00AM/ 9:00AM U.S. EST with non-attendees communicating with the team ahead of time.

Provide your update to the PO/SM ahead of time if you are unable to attend the stand up. 

Update JIRA storyboard regularly (points, move appropriate, comments, changes and build details)

Reiterate commitment to the team during the daily scrum, using the 3-question format. Everyone has a turn lasting about one minute.

Answer the 3 questions in the daily scrum: What did you work on? What are you going to work on next? Any impediments?

Validate stories up front (design meeting) as a team, if needed

Hold Story Grooming sessions on Mondays.

Stories/Backlog

Try to complete the committed stories within a sprint before pulling any new story mid-sprint

Refine the backlog weekly to ensure stories can be pulled into a sprint.

PO owns product backlog and maintains its health through constant PBI re-ordering

Work on increasing the unit test case coverage

Conduct code reviews for non-paired coding, before it is ready for QA.

Each story/ defect should have the modifications, areas affected, test cases in the approved template attached before marking the Jira item as Done.

Communication Plan

Team to communicate any impediments.

Demo each completed story/ defect during sprint review once QA is done. Dev demos during sprint review if the story is not yet passed QA, but is demoable.


Be prepared to demo as and when a story is ready for demo (Dev/ QA)

Release Checklist

Regression testing complete

Identify release candidate

Team to work with Divya on Release Notes

Update Modifications and Areas affected for each story.

Update API Documentation, where applicable

Provide test exit summary

QM5 Release Notification (Package number and test exit summary)

Consolidate regression/ DITL scripts

Identify known issues
